README.md, before:

*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
                                                                    WELCOME TO SpLiTtEr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

***ABOUT*** 
A Python App for maintaining all your expenses among a group.
Add expenses, payments, view statistical charts and much more.
Multiple types of expense addition supported to ease out the transaction addition.
Settle up whenever you need to by the clickof a button.
Easy to use GUI with various color schemes.

***Libraries Used***
- PyQt5
- matplotlib
- pickle
- pandas
- numpy

***Pre-Requisites***
- Python 3.7.x and above with installed modules
- PyQt5 software

***Setup Procedure***
- Install Python 3.7.x from https://www.python.org/downloads/
- Get PyQt5 from https://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/files/PyQt5/PyQt-5.6/ 
- Run the following commands to install the respective modules
    - python -m pip install pyqt5
    - python -m pip install matplotlib
    - python -m pip install pickle
    - python -m pip install pandas
    - python -m pip install numpy

***Run Procedure***
- Open "command prompt" with the Splitter/src folder as root path.
- Run the following command: "python ./splitter_gui.py"
- Enjoy the App

***Contact Info***
If any problems or queries, please feel free to mail me at "sksourabhkulkarni@gmail.com"

Commit message:

Created run gui file and setup file

README.md, after:

*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
                                                                    WELCOME TO SpLiTtEr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

***ABOUT*** 
A Python App for maintaining all your expenses among a group.
Add expenses, payments, view statistical charts and much more.
Multiple types of expense addition supported to ease out the transaction addition.
Settle up whenever you need to by the clickof a button.
Easy to use GUI with various color schemes.

***Libraries Used***
- PyQt5
- matplotlib
- pickle
- pandas
- numpy

***Pre-Requisites***
- Python 3.7.x or above (Download link: https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- PyQt5 Software (Download link: https://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/files/PyQt5/PyQt-5.6/) 
- Module dependencies
    - pyqt5
    - matplotlib
    - pickle
    - pandas
    - numpy

***Setup***
Run the setup.py file to initialize all the pre-requisites for the App.

***Run Procedure***
Double click the "run.py" file and enjoy the App.
***Contact Info***
If any problems or queries, please feel free to mail me at "sksourabhkulkarni@gmail.com"
